well Israel has returned the bodies of
80 Palestinians killed in Gaza in recent
weeks they were sent in a truck through
the Karam Abu Salem Crossing and been
buried in the city of Rafa in southern
Gaza har Mahmud has this report
now here to my left that this particular
location is the final resting place of
80 Palestinian bodies that were held by
the Israeli military they were released
at earlier hours of this morning through
the coordination with the Red Cross and
the health authorities in the Gaza Strip
they were held for quite long time
largely decomposed and and
unidentified it's important to point out
that there are no family members of
these bodies are present here to pay
them respect or to offer final prayers
these are the bodies of Palestinians who
were killed and then taken by the
Israeli military or either it taken from
graveyards uh from cemeteries that were
desecrated by uh the Israeli military as
it's a ground forces stormed some 12
cemeteries across the Gaza Strip in the
northern part and in the city of Khan
Unice and the central areas the bodies
were brought in a cargo truck here and
for quite some time the cargo truck was
closed off as the emergency and health
committee told us the bodies are badly
decomposed and the bad odors of the
decomposed bodies are
everywhere my son was killed on December
5th he was killed in the Manan school
and I was injured he was buried in a
cemetery in
carun I evacuated to Al Salam
neighborhood in Rafa the Israeli
military destroyed the cemetery and took
bodies from there when I heard about
these bodies being returned to Gaza I
rushed here to see if my son's body is
with
them another massive grave yet more
Palestinians whose names may never be
known their identities lost in a war
with unprecedented death tall hanim
Mahmud Al jazer Rafa and Southern Gaza